Benjamin.
Benjamin. Angelo's brother.
I sent a telegram.
I am Miranda, your sister in law.
Well, sort of.
I never had a sister in law before.
Lucky me!
What should I call you? Benjamin?
Bennie's good.
Are you in the Navy, Bennie?
No, I work on a cruise ship, Infinity Lines,
I'm a waiter, sort of.
You are so much younger than I thought.
I'm going to be 18 on Sunday.
In three days! I'll throw a party.
Great.
Let me see if he's awake.
Because he has a hard time
falling asleep, you know.
Tetro.
Are you awake? Your brother's here.
I was just a little kid
when he went on his writing sabbatical.
That...
That's the last time I saw him.
I'm so happy to see you, Bennie,
and meet you and all, but...
He really doesn't want
to know his family anymore.
I guess he's up now.
No.
He wants me to go in.
But you can stay here tonight.
Thank you.
You know, he's really...
I don't want you to have your feelings hurt.
Jesus.
What the fuck happened to you?
I walked into a bus.
Did she get you coffee?
No, I just woke up.
She's been really nice.
I hate nice, especially the word.
I hate the word "nice."
Oh, man.
Are you okay?
What happened, Bennie?
You get in a fight with the Great One?
I ran away from military school.
Escaped from prison, more like it.
Tell me about it.
Dad doesn't know where I am.
I got this job because
I knew how to wear a uniform.
Lied about my age.
You just took off?
Yeah.
Just like you.
Come on, baby.
Morning.
Look how beautiful my baby is.
Look at that face.
Doesn't she look like Ava Gardner
with her hair like that?
Who's Ava Gardner?
I was surprised to hear from you, Bennie.
Well, I...
My boat had an engine malfunction.
It's gonna take about
four or five days to fix it.
So, you're working on a ship?
Well, I'm just...
I'm a waiter, but I caught the travel bug.
From you.
From me?
Well, then let's hope
that's all you caught, Bennie.
You remember when you moved in the attic
and you had all those, like, maps?
Remember that, with the Tahiti,
and the Pacific, Pitcairn Island?
So, they're fixing the engine
on the boat, right?
Yeah.
So, you can still sleep on the boat?
He can stay with us.
Why not, Tetro?
It's only one week.
Let's go out and show him La Boca.
Okay. Let's go for a walk.
Go ahead, put your pants on.
Okay.
Little Bennie, the able bodied seaman.
I'm not even a waiter, not even.
I'll jump in the shower
and be ready in 10 minutes.
Miranda.
Just me and him, okay?
Listen, you stay one week, okay?
That boat sails, you're on it.
Sure. Thanks, Angie.
Angie's dead. My name is Tetro.
Sit here.
How come you say I'm your friend
and not your brother?
Do you speak Spanish?
Enough to understand that.
People around here
don't know much about me.
Miranda doesn't even know
who our father is.
I'd like to keep it that way.
I don't care. Yeah.
What?
It's just, it's gonna be kind of hard to have
a conversation if I can't ask any questions.
And who wants a conversation?
Not me.
So, why did you come here, Bennie?
I don't like questions.
Hey.
Don't do me, do you. I'll do me. Okay?
It's just, it's not fair.
You left, you never came back and got me,
and I didn't even get, like, an explanation.
And you're my brother?
The ship sails on Tuesday at 2:00 p.m.
Okay.
Don't forget to call in.
Hi, Bennie.
Hi, Anita.
So, he survived four bad accidents.
And one more, with his mother, before that.
Well, you know we have different mothers?
His died in a car accident.
Yes, but...
Tell me about your mother.
About mine?
Yes.
She's been in a coma for nine years.
We're going to have
some good times this week.
A family needs as much fun as it can get,
don't you think?
Ana, no! No!
Actually, they're very much in love.
That's love?
Did you ever sleep with a girl?
What?
No.
That's Abelardo Vaca Castex, some phony.
"Fausta,
"A drama in verse."
What could be worse?
Do you like dancing?
Well, Bennie, what would you like
for your birthday? Tell me.
Just this, to be here
with you and Tetro, here, and...
You know, Tetro's...
I don't remember. How do you say this?
Cast.
Tetro's cast is coming off today.
I bet he'll be back to his old self.
I can't wait.
What's that like?
You can't imagine.
Full of interesting things, you know,
brilliant things.
Also, he has a warm heart, you know?
Well, more of a warm heart
than he's had lately, of course.
Are you married?
As if I were.
The doctor said that I could walk
without my cane if I'm very careful. So...
Easy.
No problem.
My leg!
Are you okay?
Miranda's kiss.
Miranda's kiss! The miracle cure!
She fixed me right up.
One kiss, and it's perfect!
You fixed me.
What were you doing?
You dancing for Bennie?
Just doing my workout.
Dressed like that?
As always.
Your workout?
Asshole!
Okay.
So, you call him your brother
and me your friend?
What is that?
Would you like to go back
to the boat, Bennie?
Sleep on your hammock?
You couldn't just say it? "Brother"?
Brother. Okay?
Yeah, thanks.
Happy I have my cast off.
Maybe you'll start your work again?
My work?
Your writing?
I don't have a pencil.
Well, you went on this...
I'm a writer, too.
What do you write about?
I walked away from that.
How do you walk away from your work?
Doesn't it follow you?
So, what was it about?
It was about brothers.
Yeah, and...
One brother, a prodigy in music,
and the older brother,
also a great musician.
The theme is ancient.
Rivalry.
You're writing the story of our father?
One brother goes to New York City,
becomes a big star,
he does nothing to help the older brother,
who taught him everything he knew.
Uncle Alfie? The Tootsie Rolls?
Uncle Alfie.
Yeah, Uncle Alfie.
You know what?
I'm breaking my own rules here.
What rules?
What about your mother?
She was, like, this famous singer,
I know, and she died,
but no one's ever told me
anything about her.
Bennie, I thought we had an agreement.
What agreement?
What about my mom?
Listen, I divorced myself
from my family, okay?
Father, sisters, all of it. All of it. All right?
I don't want to talk about it. That's it.
Don't you love them?
Yeah, I love them.
You know what love is
in a family like ours, Bennie?
It's a quick stab in the heart.
I knew your mother died in a car accident,
I just never knew
that you were driving the car.
Well, now you know.
She didn't tell me, Tetro.
Wait, she didn't tell me.
Thanks a lot, Miranda.
She didn't tell me, Tetro!
She didn't...
Tetro, Miranda didn't tell me anything!
I figured it out by myself.
I only have a few days more.
Maybe I should just move back on the boat.
What is with him?
He's like a genius, but without
enough accomplishments, you know?
That's why his behavior is like this.
One day, it's...
Another day, he's completely an asshole.
You sound like a doctor.
I am a doctor.
When I met him,
I was his doctor at the asylum.
Asylum? What kind of asylum?
It was called La Colifata.
With the radio for an hour a week,
on Saturdays,
I came from Europe to Argentina
to study with the founder of La Colifata,
who realized that
whoever had the microphone
flnally had found someone to listen,
He said he was a writer,
and he held everything he had written
against his breast,
It was the only copy that existed,
That is where I met him.
Then finally, he said...
My father is
a real son of a bitch.
My father could be really mean
and really violent.
And he could hit hard.
Then I did... I did the unforgivable.
Crazier than my craziest patient.
I fell in love with him,
He was the older brother,
But Alfredo, dear, sweet Uncle Alfle
was summoned downtown
by the Great One,
like a schoolboy
who had done something wrong,
It's not a big production.
Rigoletto, down and dirty.
Small orchestra, rented scenery.
But if it goes bad,
the newspapers will call it
"the shit Tetrocini Rigoletto,''
It won't be a shit Rigoletto,
Alfie, why don't you just conduct
under another name?
You want me to change my name?
Thank you.
Yes.
I had the Tetrocini name before you did.
Carlo?
Shit!
What are you doing, Bennie, sitting there?
Yeah, I'm just sitting.
Just sitting?
Just sitting.
That's her name, Problema.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
Hello. Hello.
Happy birthday, Bennie.
I bet you always wanted a puppy.
The Tetrocini family came to this country
in the year 1901.
The first Benjamin made it big
in the wholesale chicken business.
But he liked to sing,
and he played mandolin.
Mr. Shakespeare, what is free verse?
Something that doesn't rhyme.
What else?
Has no fixed number of syllables.
You know, everything that I love or that
I'm interested in, I picked up from you.
You were the one who took me everywhere
and showed me books
and those strange movies, The Red Shoes,
You thought Red Shoeswas strange?
Yeah.
What about Tales of Hoffman?
Coppélia, the dancing doll?
Yeah, Tales of Hoffman, That...
Tales of Hoffman always reminds me of you.
Love. What is love?
Love is nothing.
She is my niece.
Hi.
Maria Luisa...
Maria Luisa.
...is 18 years old, like you.
Bennie...
Does she take after you?
Maria Luisa, Maria Luisa!
Oh, no, no, no.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Happy birthday.
Joy! Joy!
Waitress, waitress. More champagne.
Happy birthday, Bennie.
All right.
I wrote a song with that name once.
Really?
You know why he's in such a jolly mood?
I don't really know.
It's La Cucaracha,
Because my boat's leaving, with me on it.
No! No, no, no, he's excited
because tomorrow he runs the lights.
He loves to do that.
He becomes the Phantom of the Opera!
Oh, God!
All right, all right, all right.
Come on, come on!
Abelardo.
Who is that?
But let the play continue.
That is the most important critic and writer
in South America.
She uses the pen name "Alone."
Runs the Patagonia Festival, you know.
She was your brother's
teacher and mentor, until...
Until what?
Until she turned against him, you know.
There are many different stories why.
No one knows the truth.
It's a mystery.
Like the mystery of your father,
and who he really is.
"Carlo Tetrocini comes
from Genovese ancestors
"who emigrated to Argentina in 1901.
"He was discovered
by Austrian conductor Erich Kleiber,
"who took him to Berlin.
"He is one of the world's
great symphony conductors."
Carlo Tetrocini is Tetro's father?
That's our last name.
"Tetrocini has conducted the Metropolitan
Philharmonic Orchestra of New York
"for 35 years."
How did that get in our home?
How did this get in my home?
Remember?
But you said money was always a problem,
even made you do robberies!
Money was a problem.
He had money. I didn't. Okay?
Let's read on.
"His wife,
the acclaimed soprano Angela Panzara,
"was tragically killed
in an automobile accident.
"He remarried several times."
Enough. That's enough. That's enough.
Just stop. Please, stop.
I'll be at the other insane asylum.
I need a break to clear my head.
How could you do this to me?
How could you do that?
How could you do it to me?
You broke our oath.
I never made any oath. I never agreed.
You make rules,
that doesn't mean I have to follow them.
I make rules for my house, Bennie.
This is my house.
These rules are only for my house.
It's not about your little house,
it's not about your little kingdom.
It's my house and my business.
Our family is our business.
Why don't you call your boat, Bennie?
Why don't you call them up?
'Cause I think they all miss you over there.
Every boat needs a little rat on it.
So, why don't you call them up
and see if they want you back?
Hi, I'm calling because
my brother's an asshole.
I'm the asshole now? I'm the asshole?
Good move. Good turnaround.
I'm going back to my boat.
Go back to your ship. Good idea.
You're real good.
But I just want you to hear something first.
You want me to hear your confession
of all the little, sneaky things
you've done behind my back?
"Dear Bennie,
I'm so sorry to be writing you this
"and not be able to tell you in person..."
Hey, I don't want to hear that.
"I'm going away for a little while,
"but I promise you that I will come back..."
Hey, read it to yourself. Read it to yourself.
Why? 'Cause you remember writing it?
Do you remember this?
Okay, you're running away now.
You're running away
from your own writing.
"I promise you
that I will come back and get you.
"I know things are very hard sometimes
in our family.
"I need to go away for a little while
on a writing sabbatical."
I don't want to hear it. Get out of my room.
"I have things that I want for my life,
and someday you will understand.
"You're very young now,
but someday you will understand."
Get out of my way.
"I promise that I'll come back and get you.
"Love... Love... Love, your brother, Angelo.
"Love, your brother, Angelo."
''X"does whatever he can
to avoid the topic,
But one summer day,
trailing behind "C"on the beach,
''X"breaks the news to his father,
Dad, I don't want to continue with pre med,
If not pre med, then what?
Philosophy.
How do you make a living at philosophy?
I want to be a novelist.
Novelist? A writer?
Yes. That's what I want to do.
Well, to make a living as a writer,
you'd have to be a genius.
So?
There's only room for one genius
in this family.
Amalia, listen to me,
I don't want to hear from anybody
in the family anymore,
That's all, okay?
I'm just asking you to stay out of my life,
That's all I'm asking,
That's all I'm asking, Okay?
Very simple, Just stay out of my life, Okay?
Angie, we love you, Pop loves you,
Yeah, well, don't love me, okay?
Be my sister, but don't love me.
Don't say that. I don't want to hear that.
Y ou know what? Let's blame me,
I'm a bad person, Okay? I'm a,,,
Why can't you just go on the sabbatical?
Do your writing and just...
With our blessing.
I don't want to talk to my father.
I don't want to talk to anybody
from the family ever again.
Pop will send you the money,
all the money you need.
I'm getting off the phone now, Goodbye,
Again! Sorry, sorry!
Let's start again. Letter "Q."
Good! Monday, 11:00.
So, you're going on a sabbatical?
To write?
One of these checks will arrive
wherever you go,
every three months.
I expect you to cut out this nonsense
about Bennie once and for all.
For your own sake.
Someday, you will understand.
Go. Go on this sabbatical to write
or to find yourself.
And when you go on
this writing sabbatical, Angelo,
what will you write about?
I said, what will you write about?
Carlo! Carlo! Over here! Over here!
Maestro Tetrocini!
Carlo, right here! Right here!
Look here. Look here, Maestro Tetrocini.
This.
Bennie? Bennie?
What? What?
Bennie, what is this?
Bennie, how could you do this?
What if he walks in?
I fell asleep.
You can't be careless
and have him find you like this.
You haven't seen him really blow.
It's all backwards and in code.
Maybe you should tell him you have these,
ask his permission.
Here.
How did you find these? How?
It was an accident.
An accident?
Yeah.
An accident.
Bennie, Bennie, Bennie. You are leaving.
You know, maybe Josefina's niece
is gonna miss you, don't you think?
Can I use the phone, really quick?
I just have to check in with my cruise ship.
Of course.
Did you like Maria Luisa?
Inflnity Lines, por favor,
Yes, I liked Maria Luisa,
but I think that Tetro frightened her off.
Hi, this is Benjamin Tetrocini. I just...
Okay.
There you are.
Hey, how you doing?
Hey, my wife.
Okay. I'll be there. Great.
Thank you.
Now he speaks Spanish.
He'll be here forever.
My engines are fixed.
Oh, really?
Yeah, I'm on my way.
The Wanderlust, You'll enjoy.
Wander Lust,
That's a good title.
Title for what?
She... She wants to go out. We trained her!
Amazing. Amazing.
I'll take her.
He loves you so much.
I wonder how that happened.
Bennie...
Flowers?
You in pain?
How's the puppy?
She's back with José.
I hope he doesn't eat her.
I guess my ship sailed without me.
Good looking cast.
Flowers?
Yeah.
This used to be my old room.
I miss it.
So, you came to see the room?
I miss the room.
Here, put these.
After I get out, I'm going to stay
with Abelardo or Josefina or something.
With Abelardo?
You can stay with us.
That's okay?
I'll make do.
Is Angelo Tetrocini there?
Do you speak English?
I'm calling from New y ork,
One moment.
Who is it?
It's America.
Who?
This is the offlce of Carlo Tetrocini,
We need to speak to Angelo,
Himself?
His office.
Hello?
I got CDs and some books.
Léon Felipe. I mean...
Roberto Bolaño, and Alone's new book.
Oh, wow.
New Horizons in Literature,
Gee. Thank you.
Are you mentioned in here?
No.
Bennie, your father's office
called last night.
He's had a stroke. He's still alive.
But they wanted you both to know that
there were tickets for you to come back.
Is he going?
No, he's not going.
I have nothing to say to him.
I brought you some comics,
some gossip magazines
to help you learn Spanish.
See you later.
Bye.
''X"called"N''
and said he'd introduce her to his father,
"N"is very impressed,
Happily, of course,
Angie.
This is my father, Carlo Tetrocini.
And this is Naomi White.
Naomi?
I've told you about her.
It's an honor to meet you, Maestro.
You know, years ago I wrote a song
called Naomi,
My father always listens
to your records, Mr. Tetrocini.
He tells me you're even greater
than Fritz Reiner.
Well, Fritz was good,
but you can call me Carlo.
Do you stay for dinner?
Oh, Dad, we can't. We're meeting friends.
I invite all of your friends all over.
I'll throw a lobster party.
Great! Can we?
Did you make that up just now?
What do you do, Naomi?
Actually, I'm a dancer.
"N"called ''X"and said she'd had a dream,
"N"was so young,
and ''X"worried about her
because the dream was about
his father,
Can you dance for us, Naomi?
Yes, Carlo.
Dance for your maestro.
''X"never knew what hit him,
He slept with his flst
pushed against his heart,
'N',,,
",,, didn't respond for days,
"But when she did, she wrote, 'Dear 'X,'
"'I am..."'
"I am the doll in Coppélia,
"broken into parts,
"without blood,''
Surprise!
Look what I got you.
You like bears, right?
Yeah, that's great.
What are you doing?
I'm just reading some stuff.
What are you reading?
You go through my things?
How could you do this to me?
How could you go through my things?
I was in the house, I was looking around,
I found the suitcases.
It was an accident.
An accident?
Yeah.
Can you read this?
Can you read my writing?
It's in the military school code.
Yeah, bullshit.
Wait, Tetro.
Bullshit, you were.
Yeah, look...
How could you do this to me?
How could you go through my things?
An accident.
Accident!
It wasn't an accident!
They're great stories.
They just... They don't have an ending.
They don't need an ending.
Listen to me! No ending?
There doesn't have to be an ending, Bennie.
You know why?
Because my stories will never be published.
Who gave you this? Who gave you this?
Where'd you get this?
It's my story, too!
Miranda give this to you?
Did Miranda give it to you?
Miranda?
It's my story, it's my life,
and my father, and my mother!
It's not fair, I don't know anything.
I don't know my mother and my father!
All I have is you,
and you're fucking crazy. I...
You little sneak!
I could punch you right in the face!
Shut up!
Did you give it to him, yes or no?
I don't trust you anymore.
Okay...
Oh, no? Punch me!
I don't trust you anymore.
I dare you. Come on.
You dare me to punch you?
Come on.
You're lucky I don't punch you.
Listen to me! Listen to me!
Did you give him that? Did you give him it?
Did you give him that?
Come on, punch me!
Did you give it to him?
Listen...
You get away from her! Get away from us!
He's just had an accident, you idiot! Please!
You know who wrote this?
Angie wrote this crap!
Angie's dead! Angie's dead!
This will take a while to blow over.
You can't live with us anymore.
Walk. Walk.
One step.
Sorry for the conditions in La Boca.
People live here in the Stone Ages.
Give me the crutches.
You forgot your hat.
You keep it as a souvenir.
Thank you very much.
I'm so happy that you're working here.
How's your writing going?
It's going well.
I almost have the ending,
and then it'll be done.
I'm very close to Alone, by the way.
Alone, the Patagonia Festival?
I have her ear.
How do you get submitted
for the Patagonia Festival?
Wander Lust?
Maybe you can do the lights?
I want it short. Has to be short, black hair.
But I don't like short.
No. Look at my hair.
Bennie...
I want...
I heard you wrote a play.
Yeah.
If it's this one, you ripped it off.
Well, you weren't doing anything with it,
so I figured I'd just put my name on it.
You put your name on it?
You said it was junk.
I made some changes, I put an ending to it.
Yeah?
Abelardo got it translated into Spanish.
You made some changes?
Changes? You made changes?
Changes! You made changes?
Yeah.
Well, you know, we can share the credit,
but my name first.
You fucking little thief! You're a little thief!
And you're worse than a thief!
You're a plagiarist!
You couldn't write the ending, so...
What ending? What ending?
The one that you couldn't face.
My play doesn't need an ending.
My play will not be published.
You hear me?
Ending!
Well, if you say it's your play,
then that's declaring that it's yours,
which means that you're publishing it.
Yeah, bullshit.
I'm going to save you, Tetro.
You gonna save me?
You save me?
I'll fucking shove that up your throat!
You save me? Save yourself.
Hello, Bennie,
You fucking weasel!
It's Alone.
Let me talk to her. Let me talk to her.
Fucking talk to her!
Now talk to her. Go ahead, talk to her.
Talk to Alone.
Talk to Alone, your friend.
Hello, Bennie,
Your new friend.
Wander Lust is one of the five finalists
for the Los Parricidas Prize.
It's one of the flnest plays I've ever read,
In this one work, Tetro has
rejuvenated himself into a real writer,
I am impressed,
My brother's speechless.
We're going to the festival in Patagonia!
What's going on? What's going on?
I don't want Bennie to save me.
I don't want anyone to save me.
But this is exactly what I had hoped for,
what will cure you.
You think this will cure me?
Absolutely.
Am I not okay the way that I am?
Am I not famous enough?
Of course.
I had a girlfriend once who was
very impressed with famous people.
And one day,
a very famous person took her away.
Stole her from me.
But it means so much to us,
you know, your success, Tetro,
to Bennie, to your friends...
To me, as well, yes.
I understand this is your way
of showing love.
Success,
it's what you need, Tetro.
If you had one word to give away,
just one word,
if this was that word,
who would you give it to?
I love you.
Maria Luisa!
You can squeeze into the back
with the boys.
Okay.
Hello, Tetro.
How are you, my love?
It's a joke. We are only lovers.
It's a joke!
Hello.
Are you sad?
Why Tetro is...
What?
I don't know.
Tetro?
How can you get in love
with Miranda, Tetro?
Why?
What Tetro have?
Your father's office keeps calling.
It's serious.
I know how you feel.
But maybe Bennie wants to see him
before it's too late.
I'm...
Bennie's...
He's...
What is it?
Are you cold?
Sure?
Give me a kiss.
What?
Kiss me.
No.
Hey.
Kiss me.
All they have are two rooms.
Each with beds for three people,
one double and one single.
Bennie.
Tetro?
What do you think? Like this?
That's great.
Yes?
Or maybe like this.
Wow.
Aunt Josefina told me that
we can have a pajama party tonight.
Yes.
Without pajamas.
No pajamas.
Yes!
And no pajamas.
No pajamas.
Without pajama, baby.
Come with us, Bambi.
Look at his penis. Oh, yeah, yeah!
Yeah, come on, baby.
Come with us, Bambi.
Miranda.
Bennie!
Something's happened to your brother.
He's gone.
I have no idea where he is.
Bennie.
Josefina!
Hey, look!
Cheers.
I love champagne.
Hey.
You said you put an ending on the story?
Yeah, the ending is that you kill
your father. Okay?
That's what the ending has to be. But the...
It's about to start right now, okay?
We can make it. Come on.
I'm gonna tell you straight, Bennie.
I'm not your brother.
I'm your father.
Your mother,
she was a girl that I loved when she was 18.
I was 20.
I don't believe a word you say.
Believe me, Bennie.
No!
No! No!
You know the ending you wrote
in the play?
The father gets killed?
You're looking at him.
You know,
when you were a kid,
I thought you were my brother.
That's what I was told.
And I loved you.
I loved having a brother.
I took you everywhere.
And then she told us,
she told me,
and she told him the truth.
She took an overdose.
And when your mother was sick,
I left her.
Kill me.
If that's the way you want the story to end,
you have to kill me.
Kill me, Bennie.
Kill me.
You're my son.
You're my son, Bennie.
I'm sorry, Bennie.
I'm really sorry.
One moment.
Tetro!
You are safe, darling.
Move...
When you move too quickly towards me,
I'm not sure if you're going to
give me a passionate kiss
or a punch in the nose.
I only have respect for you, Alone.
He once did threaten me with violence.
It was very exciting.
You turned against me.
You hadn't lived up to your promise.
Now you have.
With one play...
Yes, it is.
...you've made second rate
all the new young writers.
If my opinion matters to you.
Of course.
Your opinion doesn't
matter to me anymore.
Here, Uncle Alfie.
You take it.
I don't know what to do.
Just take it.
I would have had him give it to me.
Yeah.
What has happened to our family?
We were so promising,
we loved each other so much.
I don't know what to do.
What was in our way?
Rivalry.
Here he is.
Aunt Lily.
Do you remember Uncle Alfie?
Pop sent Bennie away to prep school.
Bennie?
How about a Tootsie Roll, sonny?
My grandfather did something.
Something that I need to tell you about.
Your father, you mean.
No.
Him.
Carlo Tetrocini, my grandfather.
Your grandfather?
He stole my poor mother away from Tetro.
Bennie, what are you saying?
What are you saying?
That's not true.
True? Amalia?
Yes, it's true. And you know it
because you were a part of it.
The deceit.
It was for Angie's...
It was for Angie's own good.
Don't call him Angie. He's...
He doesn't want to be
called Angie anymore.
His name's Tetro.
And him, the Great One.
He stole her away from him
just because he could.
Tetro is your father, Bennie?
How could he have understood?
Bennie.
God.
Bennie!
Fuck you!
Hey.
No.
Bennie!
Bennie, no!
You can't look at the light.
Don't look at the light.
Bennie. Bennie.
You're my son.
Come on, let's go.
It's gonna be okay.
We're a family.